We'll come back in the previous video.
They've taken a look at the features that are e-commerce application has in this video we are installing
the dependencies they're required for angular.
Let's start by opening up our Amazonas folder on that stuff and then create a new folder called Client
inside here.
Open up the partial window and type in and install that builder.
Enter angular s.l.
I used to manage our Angleterre project once installed type in Angi new and Amazo That's dash roudy
dash dash style cost.
Yes as this allows us to create a new app if the name and Amazonas.
If rolling pre-configured and app styling using s.c.s s Now let's change directory to our app and then
type in and install
and bootstrap selection and wrap.
Now that's open that we show studio code
then we direct our Amazonas folder inside.
Now let's open our browser
such as strep for
search for fun.
Also we're playing the same
took the first thing here copy the link here.
The original code client and Mizuno source next to your mail.
We don't hear the pace in the link
here.
We've added the bootstrap for C S S phone or some 4.7 to C S S and our icon.
The link for the icon can be found in the lecturer's notes in this video.
You've successfully set up the required dependencies in and that's when you will be declaring that it
is totally painless in the app so that dependencies can be used.